[MUSIC]
>> Brian: Let's start talking
about marshalling data in React.
So, we're gonna create another route, and
we're gonna call it details search.jsx.
>> Brian: Inside of the JS folder.
Okay, and we'll bring in react.
>> Brian: And let's do this one of
the JSX class because, why not?
[LAUGH] So, you can see both
of the both ways of doing it.
>> Brian: ClassName Equals container.
You know what, actually we don't
even need, we do need container.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, and we're just going to put,
you can put anything in here.
Just going to do that for now, and then
make sure you export at the bottom, okay?
About the most basic ES6
class component you can do.
To address Brit's question there,
what about the browser five
version of hot module reload?
All I know is it's just starting to exist,
that's about the best
thing I can say about it.
That browser five's new version
has some concept of it or
it might even be a plug
in the browser five.
Anyway Webpack has been doing it
since the inception of Webpack.
And I think browser fires,
either via the community or
via the project itself just
catching up and doing it.
It's valid I can say but
I've never personally done it so
can't really much tell you.
>> Brian: Okay, so
let's go use our new route details.
Sorry excuse me in the client app.JSX.
>> Brian: We'll pull that in here as well.
Const details equals require.slash
details, and down here,
I'm going to say route path equals
slash details slash colon ID.
We'll talk about that here momentarily,
component equals details, okay?
So, what are we doing here?
This, for those who do have written
the service side routing code,
this might look like familiar syntax for
you.
Definitely this is the way
you do it in Express, and
I think lots of other frameworks
choose to do display as well.
This is basically saying that I'm gonna
have details which is going to be
like that the name of the route
trade details And then calling ID.
Basically says something
else is going to come here.
It's going to be some sort of ID.
So if I go to
http://localhost:8080/details/15
it's actually gonna be like tt123456.
Right, that's this right here
is going to be the details and
that's going to be passed into my router.
And that's the basic just
of what's going on there.
So this is just saying that you're
gonna pass something in here And
that will be passed under the route and
the route can deal with it.
Why this is useful slash important is that
these details pages we're going to
make a individual detail page for
each one of our movies and
we are, TV shows rather.
And we want to be able to make that page
flexible enough to handle any one of
the TV shows.
We don't make an individual route for
every single one We're doing, so
let's just adds some
flexibility to our router.
>> Speaker 2: Question,
since we're using hash history.
How does it know not to
substitute the hash with the ID?
>> Brian: How does it know not to
substitute the hash with your idea.
I'm not sure that I follow your question.
>> Speaker 2: Whenever we go to
search something and then and
add hashtag something?
>> Brian: Right.
So it's actually in All right.
It's gonnalike this,
something like that, right.
Is that sidestep your
question sufficiently?
[LAUGH] Yeah.
>> Brian: Yeah, good question.
>> Brian: Okay, so
let's go actually try that now.
Make sure first of all your
Webpack is still running.
Mine still is right?
But just make sure that's
running in the background,
hopefully you are not getting
a ton of glinting errors.
>> Brian: So come in here.
Refresh your page and
change this to be details Slash one two
three four which doesn't
really matter what's there and
you should see a new route here
over with whatever you put in.
>> Brian: Most people seen this.
>> Brian: Cool.
>> Brian: So again we just added this
new route here And then we just added
the basically the most basic component
here possible here in details.
>> Brian: Okay.
So I wanna show you everything that's
getting passed down to your route.
So this is the details are route, right?
So replace whatever you put here with.
Precode and put in here,
we've done this before,
JSON.stringify(this.props,
null, 4) By the way, I totally stole this.
I did not think of this like this
little debugging technique here,
from Ryan Florence who's
the author of react router.
So also don't give me credit for that one.
Okay.
So refresh your page now and
you should see a lot of stuff right,
like this get a lot of stuff is getting
passed down to your route from the router.
>> Brian: The most interesting thing
that you wanna find And here is params,
right here.
I'll make it bigger so you can see it.
Notice that I put in 12345 up here.
I can change it to be,
>> Brian: Right?
This allows you access to this
id that we put in up here.
So whatever we change to be up here
>> Brian: Right
that's gonna be passed down to your route.
That's, the important thing that
I want you to get out of this.
>> Brian: If you want to
make this look a little
bit nicer you can say, style equals,
text align [INAUDIBLE] Text align
left,
>> Brian: And
that should make this
look nice there you go.
>> Speaker 3: So
will you pass the id into the route?
As a property.
>> Brian: Yeah.
A react router does it for
you automatically.
And it's exposed via the params.
Great.
This is an awesome way to debug state 2,
by the way.
It's actually, it's probably even more
compelling to debug state that way.
>> Speaker 4: You can
make a debug component.
>> Brian: That's actually not a bad idea.
>> Speaker 4: Then just pass it a JSON
>> Brian: Yeah, definitely could.
The nice thing about doing with state
is you can actually like if you click
something you immediately see the state
reflected to the way that reactor renders
itself every single time.
Yeah, pretty compelling.
>> Speaker 5: You recommend
using the React browser plugin.
>> Brian: Yeah, actually there's
a whole section on that in here.
Yeah.
>> Brian: I mean my personal opinion is
that writing code is more about debugging
and maintainability than actually
writing new feature code.
And so I'm trying to give you every
tool I can to debug your code.